Document .csproj file for unit test projects (#204)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs: articles/user-guide/testing-debugging.md

#### [Command Line / Visual Studio Code](#tab/tabid-vscode)

From your favorite command line, run the following command:

```dotnetcli
dotnet new xunit -lang Q# -o Tests
cd Tests
code . # To open in Visual Studio Code
```

Alternatively, in VS Code you can create a new test project by opening the command palette (**View > Command Palette...** or **Ctrl+Shift+P**) and searching for **Q#: Create new project...** and then **Unit testing project**.

****

Your new project will have two files in it, a code file and a project file. `Tests.qs` provides a convenient place to define new Q# unit tests, while the `.csproj` file contains configuration parameters needed to build the project.

Initially, the code file contains one sample unit test `AllocateQubit` which checks that a newly allocated qubit is in the $\ket{0}$ state and prints a message:

```qsharp
    @Test("QuantumSimulator")
    operation AllocateQubit () : Unit {

        use qubit = Qubit();
        AssertMeasurement([PauliZ], [qubit], Zero, "Newly allocated qubit must be in the |0⟩ state.");

> 

Author: True haha, I noticed it too but it was before I looked into updating the template.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

    operation AllocateQubit () : Unit {
        ...
```

After saving the file you will see two unit tests when running the tests: one where `AllocateQubit` runs on the `QuantumSimulator`, and one where it runs in the `ResourcesEstimator`.

The Q# compiler recognizes the built-in targets `"QuantumSimulator"`, `"ToffoliSimulator"`, and `"ResourcesEstimator"` as valid run targets for unit tests. It is also possible to specify any fully qualified name to define a custom run target.

Besides the code file, the test project template will populate the `.csproj` file with the following parameters:

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.Quantum.Sdk/0.16.2105140472">

  <PropertyGroup>
    <TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.1</TargetFramework>
    <IsPackable>false</IsPackable>
  </PropertyGroup>

  <ItemGroup>
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.Quantum.Xunit" Version="0.16.2105140472" />
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.NET.Test.Sdk" Version="16.4.0" />
    <PackageReference Include="xunit" Version="2.4.1" />
    <PackageReference Include="xunit.runner.visualstudio" Version="2.4.1" />
    <DotNetCliToolReference Include="dotnet-xunit" Version="2.3.1" />
  </ItemGroup>

</Project>
```

> The first line specifies the version number of the software development kit used to build the application. Note that the exact version numbers you see will depend on your installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first line specifies the version number of the Microsoft Quantum Development Kit used to build the application. Note that the exact version numbers you see will depend on the QDK version you have installed.
```

Author: For the second sentence I wanted it to apply to all version numbers in the file, not just the QDK version.

> The `TargetFramework` generally contains either of two values for Q# applications depending on the project type: `netcoreapp3.1` for executable projects, and `netstandard2.1` for libraries. Next, the `IsPackable` parameter is set to false (true when omitted). It determines whether a NuGet package is generated from this project when the [`dotnet pack`](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-pack) command is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TargetFramework` generally contains either of two values for Q# applications depending on the project type: `netcoreapp3.1` for executable and test projects, and `netstandard2.1` for libraries. Next, the `IsPackable` parameter is set to false (true when omitted). It determines whether a NuGet package is generated from this project when the [`dotnet pack`](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-pack) command is run.
```

Author: Are test projects not executable? I would categorize both applications and test projects as executable, compared to libraries which are not (by themselves executable).

Reviewer: Q# templates for test projects and for applications are different, so Q# considers them different project types

> Lastly, the file contains all the NuGet package dependencies required to run unit tests. Make sure to include these if you are creating a test project manually or are converting a regular project.

Reviewer: It would be helpful to be more specific here about which NuGet packages serve what purpose. For example, if a person is creating a test project for command line or for VS Code, do they need NuGet package "xunit.runner.visualstudio"?

Author: Good me point, let me look at that.

Author: From my testing it appears that both `xunit.runner.visualstudio` and `dotnet-xunit` are required to run tests from the command line, but only `xunit.runner.visualstudio` is necessary to run tests from within Visual Studio.
I'm adding the info I gathered so far, but if I obtain more I will update with a new PR.

    operation Operation () : Unit {

        use qubits = Qubit[2];
        X(qubits[1]);
        H(qubits[1]);
        R1Frac(1, 2, qubits[1]);

        DumpMachine("dump.txt");
        DumpRegister("q0.txt", qubits[0..0]);
        DumpRegister("q1.txt", qubits[1..1]);

        ResetAll(qubits);

> 

Reviewer: This empty line also looks like an artifact of using -> use migration

Author: True that could be the case. I thought it was to provide symmetry to the new line at the start of the function body. Leaving it at the top but removing the bottom one looks strange to me, but I'm happy to change it to whatever is considered best style.
Unfortunately the formatting of our code snippets and samples is not very consistent for things like these, as the Q# style guide doesn't cover them.
